[docs] Update cellular to unify install and permissions (#19172)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v46.0.0/sdk/cellular.md

<APIInstallSection />

## Configuration in app.json / app.config.js

> You can configure `expo-cellular` using its built-in [config plugin](../../../guides/config-plugins.md) if you use config plugins in your project ([EAS Build](../../../build/introduction.md) or `expo run:[android|ios]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure `expo-cellular`, use the built-in [config plugin](/guides/config-plugins) in the **app.json** or **app.config.js** for [EAS Build](/build/introduction) or with `npx expo run:[android|ios]`. The plugin allows you to configure properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect.
```

I think we can be a little bit explicit about what config plugins do, which file to specify them and when the condition of creating a new binary might be required.

Also, putting EAS Build and `npx expo run` commands in brackets feels slightly off.
